Clarify wording that unlocked templates are not supported (#4280)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_provisioning-templates.adoc

You can create a template or clone a template and edit the clone.
For help with templates, navigate to *Hosts* > *Templates* > *Provisioning Templates* > *Create Template* > *Help*.

ifdef::orcharhino[]
Templates supported by {Team} are indicated by an {Project} icon.

> In {Project}, delivered templates are shipped in a *locked* and *supported* state so that they can be updated automatically in future releases.
> If you unlock such a template and make changes, it becomes unsupported and will no longer receive updates from {Project}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all supported templates are locked to ensure that they automatically receive updates with future {Project} versions.
If you unlock such templates, they become unsupported and will not receive updates from {Team}.
```

Author: Thanks.
